---
title: "offers"
bg: orange
color: black
fa-icon: handshake-o
ref: "offer"
lang: "en"
---


## Option 1 : DIY
You want to do everything yourself? Go ahead!

You like the idea, but would rather build it your own way? Help yourself!

You want to share your improvements with others? Welcome!

You simply like the idea of knowing that you can easily modify or repair whenever you want? We've thought of that.

All the blueprints, electronic schematics, PCB designs and source code are available on [github](https://github.com/openhivescale).

All the software used is free and/or open-source.


-------------------------

## Option 2 : We supply the kit, you assemble it

230 € incl. VAT Scale kit, electronic board, sigfox connectivity module with a 1 year subscription, then 15 €/year incl. VAT

200 € incl. VAT Scale kit, electronic board, wifi connectivity (hotspot available or slave-mode to another scale with sigfox)

170 € incl. VAT Mechanical kit only

GSM option under development (240 € incl. VAT Complete kit with SIM card and a 1 year subscription, then 15 €/year incl. VAT)
Available summer 2018

Web site for data consultation and email alerts included

-------------------------

## Option 3 : Scale assembled and ready to use

350 € incl. VAT Scale assembled and ready to use with sigfox connectivity, then 15 €/year incl. VAT

320 € incl. VAT Scale assembled and ready to use with wifi connectivity

Web site for data consultation and email alerts included

GSM option under development

-------------------------

## Orders 

This project has been quietly maturing for several years. All our prototypes have worked wonderfully.

Today (20th December 2017) we are confidently launching our beta programme. Woohoo!

You will be our very first customers and we are counting on you to tell us about your experiences.

Above and beyond the standard guarantee that you would expect **we are committed to delivering to you any improvements made that arise** from the beta programme.

Subscriptions are open until the end of January 2018 with an objective of 100 users.

If you are interested then please send us an email at contact@openhivescale.org indicating your country (for the shipping and handling) and the type of module (none/sigfox/gsm)

You can verify the sigfox coverage of your hives at www.coverage.sigfox.com or you can let us know their approximate location.

Depending upon the level of interest shown we will confirm when production starts and ask for your payment.

Delivery April 2018





Under development:
    GSM module (summer 2018)
    LoRa module (depending upon interest shown)
    SMS interrogation

    
    
