---
title: "Details"
bg: green
color: black
fa-icon: align-left
---

## Why a mechanical scale, and not a load cell?

- Because load cell are not supposed to be under continuous constraint.
  * A creep phenomen make measurement unstable after some time, this is well documented
  * Load cells manufacturers don't communicate on creep over 30 minutes...
  * Typical use case implies a tare between each measurement, not possible in hive monitoring scenario
  * We check this on our first prototype using load cells, it was worse than expected
  * Mechanical scale is not subject to this phenomena. Even if structure creeps, measurement doesn't change.

- Because we don't depend on any complicated part that we must outsource
  * This makes possible to keep price low
  * Easier to understand what could go wrong and repair
  * DIY-ers friendly

- Principle is simple and old as ancient Rome

- 


-------------------------

## Connectivity

- WiFi
  * Included in every board
  * Cheapest option if you have a hotspot accessible
  * User-friendly configuration with a smartphone or laptop
  * Master-slave scenario, for sharing a single GSM or Sigfox endpoint

- Sigfox (optional)
  * Best option for battery life if no hotspot
  * Subscription cheaper than GSM
  * Network coverage complementary with GSM
  * [World roll-out in progress](https://www.sigfox.com/en/coverage)

- GSM (optional)
  * Best coverage all around the world

-------------------------
  
## Autonomy

Best energy is the one you don't use...

- First, highly optimized electronic
  * 100nA sleep current
  * Motor driving strategy
  * Modulable measurement frequency and data send along the year
  * ...

- Then we look for the best trade-off between environmental impact, cost, availibility of batteries
  * We managed to achieve a good autonomy with simple alkaline batteries
  * On a 10 years lifecycle, rechargeable battery, Li-ion or Ni-MH, with or without solar panel as an higher cost and impact
  * AA alkaline batteries are the most available battery all around the world

With 3xAA alkaline batteries, we expect 2-5 years autonomy, depending on climate, measurement frequency etc...

-------------------------

## Construction

We designed an easy to assemble kit, made of aluminium profiles and laser cut stainless steel, joint mainly with rivet.
Very few 'other' parts, a simple motor, a belt, linear bearing, optical end stop. That's it.




- Go click **fork** on the [github project page](https://github.com/t413/SinglePaged)
- Rename your new repository to `**username**.github.io`. (click settings in the right column)
- Clone your repository, **cd into the project**
- Run `git checkout publish && git branch -m master && git push -u origin master && git branch -D gh-pages` to get the *publish* branch as master for a clean, empty starting point.
- On your github project page go to *settings* again and change your **default branch** to ***master***
- Run `git push origin --delete gh-pages` to delete your remote's development branch

Now hop over to [Usage](#usage) to get it running with your own stuff!

**When you publish changes use `git push -u origin master`**

-------------------------


## Setup as standalone project page

- Go click **fork** on the [github project page](https://github.com/t413/SinglePaged)
- Rename your new repository to `whatever you want`. (click settings in the right column)
  * It will go live at yourusername.github.io/**WhateverYouWant**
- Clone your repository, cd into the project
- Run `git checkout publish && git branch -D gh-pages && git branch -m gh-pages && git push -uf origin gh-pages` to swap the *publish* and *gh-pages* branch.

Now hop over to [Usage](#usage) to get it running with your own stuff!

**When you publish changes use `git push -u origin gh-pages`**

-------------------------


## Setup inside existing project

This is the most complicated use-case .. but it's the coolest.
Say you've got your kickass project `github.com/t413/kicker` and want to have
some web presence to post about on [hacker news](http://news.ycombinator.com).
This will create an orphan branch called `gh_pages` in your repository
where you can publish changes, posts, images, and such. It won't alter your code at all.

- `cd` into your project on the command line
- use `git remote add -t publish singlepage git@github.com:t413/SinglePaged.git` to get access to this repository.
- use `git fetch singlepage publish:gh-pages` to fetch the remote branch
- use `git branch --set-upstream gh-pages singlepage/publish && git checkout gh-pages;`
  This creates and checks out an orphan branch called gh-pages that tracks the original and lets you make changes.
- When you run `git push gh-pages:origin/gh-pages` it'll be live at *yourusername.github.io/repositoryName*

Now hop over to [Usage](#usage) to get it running with your own stuff!

**When you publish changes use `git push -u origin gh-pages`**

